you don't seem all that scared that you
know you don't act like it
what do you want me to do scream I
didn't hurt much anyway no I'm just
gonna sit here
take it easy and wait for you to screw
up Fenella where's one you were married
like we didn't get along we had fine we
just didn't have the thinking of that
you know spark I have that you still
talk this is not gonna end well
these things never do turns out I just
shot like a dog it's gonna be the street
I love a goddamn fence
you must really see yourself with some
kind of glide Manor
I'm in a body incline yeah part in the
movie where they did shout but it's
Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway yeah I
like it in that movie about TV that guy
says not gonna take more from
anybody
yeah Peter Finch I'm mad as hell and I
like a taking with your yeah that
part where they get shot I remember
thinking to myself don't be such a bad
way to go if you had to
you sure he's gonna talk to me
let's take it three men under different
circumstances
you're the bar I came up we started
talking know what would happen nothing
you didn't know you'd probably tell me
different circumstances you have got to
be kidding
another maybe a little faded lose three
days of the console
what's Robert Redford when he was young
you know I never thought it made sense
though
you know the way they got together so
quick I mean romantic
well